10 17 release notes (#2952)
astronomer/docs: astro/environment-variables.md

3. Click **Edit Variables**.

4. Enter an environment variable key and value. 

>   - For sensitive credentials that should be treated with an additional layer of security, select the **Secret** checkbox. This will permanently hide the variable's value from all users in your Workspace.

Reviewer: While it technically is a checkbox in markup, the presentation is a "switch", so maybe we should word slightly different?

<img width="154" alt="image" src="https://github.com/astronomer/docs/assets/3267/dcf02aae-51aa-4b14-8c17-afcf2b8cfbb2">

```suggestion
  - For sensitive credentials that should be treated with an additional layer of security, enable the **Secret** toggle. This will permanently hide the variable's value from all users in your Workspace.
```

>   - Each key-value pair must be unique.

Reviewer: Technically, only the key has to be unique.
```suggestion
  - Each key must be unique.
```
